docs(integ-runner): explain default workflow (#28972)
aws/aws-cdk: packages/@aws-cdk/integ-runner/README.md

integ-runner [ARGS] [TEST...]
```

This will look for all files that match the naming convention of `/integ.*.(js|ts)$/` or `/integ_*.py`.
Each of these files represents a self contained AWS CDK app, defining test cases and assertions using the [integ-tests](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cdk/api/v2/docs/integ-tests-alpha-readme.html) library.

By default, executing `integ-runner` will do the following for each file (app):

1. Synth each integration test to create a new snapshot in memory
2. Compare the snapshot to the previous version (i.e. files in `*.snapshot/**`), and fail on any differences.\
   For new tests this will always fail.

To accept a snapshot update, the integreation test has to be deployed and assertions have to pass.\

> Exectue the runner again, this time with `integ-runner --update-on-fail` and the fowlling will happen for each file:

Author: ```suggestion
Execute the runner again, this time with `integ-runner --update-on-fail` and the following will happen for each file:
```
